README.md, before:

# Note

### There are a lot of different sites in the world. This site is unique. We have implemented very nice techniques


### Main page
When you open our site you can see 5 big buttons that represent instruments. 
By clicking on 1 of them you can see the list of songs that have chords or tabs and can be played on that instrument
On the top of our main page you can also see search-bar. If you type there song name or artist, our site will show you all songs that suit for that request.

### Filters 
We also have filters on our site. You can choose whether you want: instrument or few, type of notes.

### Create button
If you want to share chords or tabs, you can go to the top-right side of our page and click on "Add song" button.
As a result, you will be able to type song name, author and chords or tabs. After that you choose appropriate instrument and submit everything.

### About us 
About us page info about our project, developers, and our images.

### MongoDB

To work with our database we have installed(pip install pymongo) pymongo library.
To operate with our data we have created a mongo client

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116728854/228349959-3eb30bf4-8ea5-4fc5-a267-3e7b225543e8.png)

Commit message:

Added MongoDB Filter and Search.

README.md, after:

# Note

### There are a lot of different sites in the world. This site is unique. We have implemented very nice techniques


### Main page
When you open our site you can see 5 big buttons that represent instruments. 
By clicking on 1 of them you can see the list of songs that have chords or tabs and can be played on that instrument
On the top of our main page you can also see search-bar. If you type there song name or artist, our site will show you all songs that suit for that request.

### Filters 
We also have filters on our site. You can choose whether you want: instrument or few, type of notes.

### Create button
If you want to share chords or tabs, you can go to the top-right side of our page and click on "Add song" button.
As a result, you will be able to type song name, author and chords or tabs. After that you choose appropriate instrument and submit everything.

### About us 
About us page info about our project, developers, and our images.

## MongoDB

To work with our database we have installed(pip install pymongo) pymongo library.
To operate with our data we have created a mongo client.
We have two main classes that work with our database: Filter, Search

### Filter
Filter class contains get_filetered_songs method, that sort our songs by instrument and returns list of collections with certain instruments.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116728854/228349959-3eb30bf4-8ea5-4fc5-a267-3e7b225543e8.png)

### Search 
This class is used to search for songs by instrument and by type of notes(it can be chords, tabs or both).
If request is given, we search for songs which title or author matching the request.
If we have not found any data function returns None, else it returns list of songs, each song is a dictionary.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/116728854/228354457-1d6252b5-5252-4823-bd6f-982e6aecc4b4.png)
